---
layout: post
title: Books 2014
---

Over the last year I set a goal to start reading more. I would like to discuss
the results.

I read 28 books with a total of 7,644 pages in 2014. Almost all of the books
were fiction that included 12 science fiction and 4 fantasy novels. I read four
books in the Dune series. My favorite read out of the series was *Dune Messiah*. I
started a few new series too including  *I, Robot* (Robot series), *Color
of Magic* (Discworld), and *The Hobbit*. I picked out a few collection books so
 I read a few books from the same author. I read  three H.G. Wells, three Arthur
  Conan Doyle, and two Neil Gaiman books.

I enjoyed reading most of the books and am excited to push my books read in 2015.

- *The Fault in Our Stars*, John Green
- *Dune (Dune Chronicles, #1)*, Frank Herbert
- *The Rules of Attraction*, Bret Easton Ellis
- *Neverwhere*, Neil Gaiman
- *Dune Messiah (Dune Chronicles, #2)*, Frank Herbert
- *Slapstick or Lonesome No More!*, Kurt Vonnegut
- *A Study in Scarlet  (Sherlock Holmes, #1)*, Arthur Conan Doyle
- *The Sign of Four (Sherlock Holmes, #2)*, Arthur Conan Doyle
- *The Illustrated Man*, Ray Bradbury
- *Carrie*, Stephen King
- *Children of Dune (Dune Chronicles, #3)*, Frank Herbert
- *The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes (Sherlock Holmes, #3)*, Arthur Conan Doyle
- *God Emperor of Dune (Dune Chronicles, #4)*, Frank Herbert
- *The Hobbit (Middle-Earth Universe)*, J.R.R. Tolkien
- *Pride and Prejudice*, Jane Austen
- *The Time Machine*, H.G. Wells
- *The Island of Dr. Moreau*, H.G. Wells
- *Red Planet*, Robert A. Heinlein
- *The Princess Bride*, William Goldman
- *Hawksbill Station*, Robert Silverberg
- *I, Robot (Robot, #0.1)*, Isaac Asimov
- *Stardust*, Neil Gaiman
- *The Color of Magic (Discworld, #1)*, Terry Pratchett
- *No More Mr Nice Guy*, Robert A. Glover
- *The Picture of Dorian Gray*, Oscar Wilde
- *I Am Legend*, Richard Matheson
- *The War of the Worlds*, H.G. Wells
- *Paddle Your Own Canoe: One Man's Fundamentals for Delicious Living*, Nick Offerman

Comics

- The Killing Joke, Alan Moore
- The Walking Dead Volume 9: Here We Remain, Robert Kirkman
- The Walking Dead Volume 10: What We Become, Robert Kirkman
- The Walkind Dead #61, Robert Kirkman
